---
layout: inner
header: PyCon India 2020 Jobs Board
title: PyCon India 2020 Jobs Board
nav: jobs-board
bloglike: true
---

# PyCon India 2020 Job Board



## D. E. Shaw

Technology is at the core of our business and we have over the years built
best-in-class capabilities powering our investment management functions.  At D.
E. Shaw India, we run on collaboration and teams work together to share ideas,
identify and address risks, build tools, and explore new opportunities. Our
staff includes researchers, analysts, business-builders, and system architects
relying on specialized operational expertise developed over our more than 20
years in India.  A shared belief in meritocracy and responsible freedom is core
to our firm’s spirit. We thrive on challenging work, aim for the highest
standards, and celebrate the unconventional.  To explore your interests and the
various opportunities available, we invite you to check out our [Careers
page](https://www.deshawindia.com/careers/work-with-us).

<hr>

## EPAM

Since 1993, EPAM Systems, Inc. (NYSE: EPAM) has leveraged its software engineering expertise to become a leading global product development, digital platform engineering, and top digital and product design agency. Through its ‘Engineering DNA’ and innovative strategy, consulting, and design capabilities, EPAM works in collaboration with its customers to deliver next-gen solutions that turn complex business challenges into real business outcomes. EPAM’s global teams serve customers in more than 30 countries across North America, Europe, Asia and Australia. As a recognized market leader in multiple categories among top global independent research agencies, EPAM was one of only four technology companies to appear on Forbes 25 Fastest Growing Public Tech Companies list every year of publication since 2013 and was the only IT services company featured on Fortune’s 100 Fastest-Growing Companies list of 2019.

1.  **EPAM India – Remote Jobs for Senior Java Fullstack Engineers**

    EPAM Anywhere is our new program that provides remote jobs to developers and IT
    specialists across India. We provide access to a variety of global
    enterprise-level projects, stable workload and an opportunity to build a great
    career in IT. Calling Java Fullstack Engineers with over 5 years of experience
    in Java and J2EE to join our team. Detailed JD in the link below:

    [Apply Here](https://anywhere.epam.com/jobs/bltc09bf02f82507e23)

2.  **EPAM India – Remote Jobs for Senior Java Backend Engineers**

    EPAM Anywhere is our new program that provides remote jobs to developers and IT
    specialists across India. We provide access to a variety of global
    enterprise-level projects, stable workload and an opportunity to build a great
    career in IT. Calling Java Backend Engineers with over 5 years of experience in
    Java and J2EE to join our team. Detailed JD in the link below:

    [Apply Here](https://anywhere.epam.com/jobs/blt39ce30fd7211705c)

3.  **EPAM India – Remote Jobs for Senior ReactJS Developers**

    EPAM Anywhere is our new program that provides remote jobs to developers and IT
    specialists across India. We provide access to a variety of global
    enterprise-level projects, stable workload and an opportunity to build a great
    career in IT. Calling Senior React JS Developer with in-depth knowledge of
    JavaScript, including ES6+ and TypeScript to join our team.. Detailed JD in the
    link below:

    [Apply Here](https://anywhere.epam.com/jobs/bltc8474ad19a158729)


4.  **EPAM India – Remote Jobs for Senior Test Automation Engineers**

    EPAM Anywhere is our new program that provides remote jobs to developers and IT
    specialists across India. We provide access to a variety of global
    enterprise-level projects, stable workload and an opportunity to build a great
    career in IT. Calling Senior Test Automation Engineer with 5+ years of
    experience in automation using Java Selenium to join our team. Detailed JD in
    the link below:

    [Apply Here](https://anywhere.epam.com/jobs/blt6e29bb435f9bd0af)

<hr>

## DeepSource

DeepSource continuously analyzes source code changes to find and fix issues
categorized as security, performance, anti-patterns and bug-risks. It
integrates with GitHub/GitLab/Bitbucket and runs analysis on every commit and
pull request, discovers and fixes potential issues before they make it to
production. With support for Python, Go, Ruby and JavaScript and guaranteed
less than 5% false positives in results, DeepSource is trusted by open-source
teams at NASA, Slack, Intel, DGraph among many others to ship good code. Free
to use for open-source projects and small teams.

Feel free to visit our [Jobs Page](https://deepsource.io/jobs/) to know more
about our open opportunities.
